[WIP] Terraform Docs for TF policy (#2690)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform-docs-common/docs/cloud-docs/workspaces/policy-enforcement/test-terraform-policy.mdx

---
page_title: Test Terraform policy policies
description: >-
  Learn how to test Terraform policy policies in HCP Terraform.
---

# Test Terraform policy policies

We recommend that you test your policies when you author or modify them. You can also include policy testing as part of a CI/CD pipeline, before enforcing them with HCP Terraform.

> To learn how to test your policies on your local machine, refer to [Terraform policy - Test policies](/terraform/policy/test).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn how to test your policies on your local machine, refer to [Test policies](/terraform/policy/test).
```
Right? That's the H1 on the page?

> ## Overview of Terraform policy testing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Overview
```

> Test policies to help ensure that they work as expected before you enforce them in your HCP Terraform organization. In order for HCP Terraform to access your policies, you will first commit them to a Version Control System (VCS) repository, and then configure them as policy sets within HCP Terraform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Test policies to help ensure that they work as expected before enforcing them in your organization. To test policies, you must commit them to a version control system (VCS) repository and then group them into a policy set.
```
